Add Applications, 2 sub-tasks here (#4117)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/kommander/2.2/workspaces/applications/catalog-applications/custom-applications/application-metadata/index.md

---
layout: layout.pug
navigationTitle: Application Metadata
title: Application Metadata

> beta: true 

Author: ```suggestion
beta: false
```

menuWeight: 40
excerpt: To display more information about custom applications in the UI, define a metadata.yaml file for each application in the git repository.
---

> You can define how custom applications are displayed in the Kommander UI by defining a `metadata.yaml` file for each application in the git repository. You must define this file at `services/<application>/metadata.yaml` for it to process correctly.

Author: ```suggestion
You can define how custom applications display in the Kommander UI by defining a `metadata.yaml` file for each application in the git repository. You must define this file at `services/<application>/metadata.yaml` for it to process correctly.
```

You can define the following fields:

| Field       | Default              | Description                                                                                     |
| ----------- | -------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| displayName | falls back to App ID | Display name of the application for the UI.                                                     |
| description | ""                   | Short description, should be a sentence or two, displayed in the UI on the application card.    |
| category    | general              | 1 or more categories for this application. Categories are used to group applications in the UI. |
| overview    |                      | Markdown overview used on the application detail page in the UI.                                |
| icon        |                      | Base64 encoded icon SVG file used for application logos in the UI.                              |

> None of these fields are required for the application to be displayed in the UI.

Author: ```suggestion
None of these fields are required for the application to display in the UI.
```
